-- emails
Hello! I love your sheets! Thank you for the time and effort you put into them~! <3 --by-- InuCirrus
Love your Pathfinder character sheets.  I use them all the time. --by-- Stephen
Lovely sheets you made! I'm going to offer my group to upgrade to your sheets next session (just as they're hitting level 2). --by-- Staffan
I absolutely love these character sheets. It is difficult, if not impossible, to find more detailed and "cleaner" character sheets out there. Keep up the good work! --by-- Korbu
I love it! Finally a character sheet that organizes everything the way I like, and it is so detailed! AWESOMESAUSE !! --by-- Sigil Thane
I love the Pathfinder sheets. What a handy way to create character-specific sheets! --by-- Ripwind
I came across this site searching for a nice and neat character sheet, i have to say it made my day when i saw these....most excellent work --by-- Glenn L.
Your character sheets are lovely to behold. It's especially nice that instead of wading through the Tome of Magic, one can print out enough vestige sheets. --by-- Anonymous
That's amazing! Thank you so much for your work. The best character sheet I've ever seen. --by-- Fatikled
These sheets are amazing I am using them all of the time now, as a DM I really appreciate the party pages and the organization, thank you! --by-- James Oplinger
Thanks so much! These are PERFECT! --by-- Bish
I love you SO MUCH for making these sheets! Everything I always wanted. Do you plan on ever doing variant pages for different class archetypes? --by-- JTJ
This is amazing! I freakin' love it! I'm most definitely passing this along to my friends.  --by-- Scott Little
+5 character sheets of awesomeness, bro! --by-- Sam McDouchey
Thank you for your awesome work. These sheets are fantastic!!! I wish I had found your site earlier :D --by-- Dzudzabajac
These sheets are the best! Started using them and never looked back. --by-- Garaile
I want to thank you for your sheet, they are really awesome and user friendly. Have a good day! --by-- Rocko Bresse
I love them! Really easy to track every character's options. Thanks a lot for your job! --by-- Aura
I just wanted to say that I love the sheets. Layout is amazing, considering multi-class on one sheet is genius as well. --by-- Kwiqness
These are easily the best character sheets I've used - comprehensive but without the text being tiny and unreadable (and not an excessive amount of black like the official ones). --by-- Pete
You made my day! --by-- Ûllfáeron
Our group loves these sheets! Thanks so much for making them available (and free, no less). I'm also really excited about the compressed NPC and timeline sheets for GM purposes... --by-- Toby
These are freaking awesome... Thanks for putting these together! --by-- Jake
These are exactly what I have been looking for for the last ten years! I love having all this room so everything isn't so cramped. --by-- powerdemon
These sheets are amazing! I hope you update them as more stuff comes out. --by-- King Crowley
These sheets are freaking awesome. Full customization and details are just what our party needed. --by-- Lugh
Dude, are you a wizard? I couldn't get myself out of a wet paper bag, but this?! You're awesome! --by-- Brazil
Tops blobby man! This is an awesome thing here. I wish I was able to put into words that sounded poetic about how much I love this! --by-- Thatguyovertheredoingthatthing
Love the Sheets. Can't wait to use them in a game. Keep up the amazing work. --by-- Sarelth
These sheets are a great merging of aesthetic, efficiency and ease of use! Thanks for making them! --by-- Sean
This makes character making and NPC making so much better! Thanks for the great resource. --by-- Isaac
These sheets ROCK! Thank you for your hard work. The character sheets are fantastic, and the sheet generator on the website is clever and easy to use. --by-- A Fan
I love how much effort you've put into this project, it's fantastic. I love custom character sheets because they make it easier to tailor the experience to an individual. --by-- Tom
Those are just awesome! My mates and i are just amazed by how they have everything you need in a well arranged manner. --by-- Anne
These are some badass character sheets! Thanks so much for making these and putting them up for free, all of the players in my game were impressed. --by-- Josh
Love this, it's easy for people to pick up and understand --by-- Alex
These are really fantastic sheets! They're pleasing to the eye and keep me from forgetting important details too. Couldn't ask for more! --by-- cam
Really Nice! --by-- Mutewinter
I have a serious problem with your pathfinder character sheets. They're so bad-ass, that I can't use any of the fillable versions available online! --by-- Craysh
Wow! Fantastic work with this sheets :D I hope my players will love them as much as I do. Thanks! --by-- Bearclaw
At first I was skeptic but when I looked the pages I fell in love with the organization of stats. --by-- Anonymous
I'm so excited to have found these and that you've made them available.  Thank you so much, these sheets really bring me back to the days of table top gaming that I know =) --by-- Rich W.
Thanks for the awesome resources! Much appreciated! --by-- Anonymous
Talk about convienient! Those old 2 page character sheets are now reserved for NPCs. --by-- Ov3rmind
Of all the character sheets I've looked through, these are the best, most thorough and visually pleasing I have found to date. --by-- M.R.D.
Just wanted to say I love everything about your sheets and your website. --by-- dan
I can't stress enough how amazing and beautiful the character sheets are. --by-- dan
It was exactly what i was looking for! You are awesome! --by-- Tod
I love these character sheets. I'm going to start using them immediately. Thank you for making them free!! :D --by-- Andrew
These sheets are the best out there. I've shared them with all my friends. --by-- Psychotic EGG
Some of the better sheets I have seen, and I have been around tabletop RPGs for over 20 years. It is easy to see how much hard work and dedication you have put into the project. Keep up the good work, and thank you. --by-- Curt
Some of the better sheets I have seen, and I have been around tabletop RPGs for over 20 years. --by-- Curt
Love the new sheets for Pathfinder! The animal companion sheet is a godsend for Druids. --by-- Kelvrin
I love your sheets. I use them for all of my NPCs and PCs. I also greatly approve of the support for more archetypes now, keep up the awesome work. --by-- Jacob
¡Una aplicación BRUTAL! --by-- Captain Mordigan
These sheets are amazing, easy to organize and keep clean. Great work! --by-- Nox Aeterna
I love the sheets and the site is awesome. --by-- Mevith
Just when I thought your sheets couldn't get any better, WOW! The new creator is kick-ass! --by-- Brainiak
Sweet sheet! Might just switch to this instead of the Character folio (which IMO is a bit too spread out). --by-- Montana77
Love Love LOVE THIS!!! --by-- The Konsortium-BTE
LOVE your sheets. I'm a noob and they are so very helpful. :) --by-- Connie
Fantastic sheets! I'll be using them from now on! 100% good!
Freakin' great! The mythic and kingdom sheets are super impressive! Can't wait until you add more archetypes! --by-- drakemasters1
You are my savior! --by-- Tornworld Jack
Great improvements! Txs a lot, you´re a Giant! --by-- Judas
Very nicely done! A real treat to use and print. --by-- Jack
This is the most simple and awesome way to start a game! Good job! --by-- Chronogram
Your character sheet generator is absolutely the best. This is why Pharasma gave us the internet. --by-- Thig
These are, by far, the best character sheets one can find. I always thought it was silly that my rogue's pages had to devote space for spells known. Now, they don't have to. Thanks loads for making these! --by-- Cleptes
Extremely well put to together! I will be getting my character sheets here from now on! --by-- Sam
I love your sheets, I use them for all my PCs. Keep it up! --by-- G. Pippin
Your sheets are great and much more pleasing to look at than the stock characters. --by-- Backlash
Love the site and I wished I had found it sooner. --by-- Kruegen
I don't think I've ever nerdgasmed over a character sheet before I found this site. Keep up the good work! --by-- Some Guy
Stumbling across this site has made my day. I am new to pathfinder so having a sheet specifically for the class I wish to play is amazing. --by-- Crosby
Fantastic character resource, don't know how I was getting by without it. --by-- Vlad the Impaler
I've been looking for comfty character sheets for newcomers and these are excellent! Will make my life a lot easier. --by-- Magus
So far they are the best char.sheets I have found. Well structured, expansive and best of all, modular for all the special classes that otherwise turn a sheet into a mathematical formula of how to fit that damn extra skill on the page. --by-- Zoe
Oh my gawd.  This is so perfect. --by-- Andukal, Son of Shadow
These sheets are absolutely gorgeous! --by-- TheCableton
Your sheets are so clean and clear, my group exclusively uses them. I LOVE THE GM SHEETS!!! :D :D :D --by-- TurboMan
I love you.  I love these sheets.  They are, by far, the most fantastic and comprehensive character sheet's I've laid my eyes on. --by-- Russell
Thanks for the color options. Really helps when your black runs out! --by-- The Dude

-- paizo
One of the best sheets for PFRPG I've seen. Thanks for your hard work, and I'm definitely using these tomorrow. --by-- Uriel222
Thank you for sharing your work and also providing the source code for it. --by-- medullaoblongata
This sheet looks great! I think I'll try it out at our game tomorrow. --by-- Tamago
Wow, the sheets look great! --by-- Hobbun
Damn, that's hot! The brittish spelling looks great too. --by-- stringburka
Very nice work. The sheets have a very polished, organized feel to them. You obviously spent a lot of time on them. Thanks for sharing! --by-- Tom Qadim
Just Downloaded these suckers and so far, love em. Looking forward to showing them to my two groups and letting them loose on em. --by-- Wallsingham
Great Sheet. Nice to see one with 'enough' spaces for weapons. I tend to be the guy with 4-6 different weapons. --by-- Uriel393
Awesome work, really. I love this. --by-- Azrael Lukja
I really like this sheet. It's very well made for all classes. I'm going to have to nab this sheet :) Be useful in my RL game. --by-- DM Aron Marczylo
I like your sheets a lot and I'm taking steps to get my players start using them soon. --by-- nidho
The sheets are great (really) but the doodle characters are absolutely awesome! Made me smile. Had a rough day. --by-- Laurefindel
I love these sheets, and plan on recommending them for players in my upcoming game.  --by-- Jagyr Ebonwood
These look AWESOME! Thanks for your hard work, and I look forward to the updated version. --by-- Purple Wizard
These ROCK! Exactly what I've been looking for - thank you so much! --by-- Purple Wizard
Your sheets are great, Im going to start using them asap. --by-- vikking
Just wanted to say I really love the character sheets a ton! The NPC sheet is great for fitting my stat'd non-monsters on too. --by-- Elfabet
I would like to say thanks for making a graphically pleasing character sheet. You get a +1 to awesomeness for it being free and keeping it updated. --by-- Monskers
Beautiful sheet! You've done amazing work. --by-- Chastised Wolf
Great sheets! They are pretty much all I ever use. --by-- dfsearles
All I can say is outstanding! Really nice work here, thanks for the contribution to the community. --by-- SpeakerDad
Super sweet! --by-- Sir Geshko
I just wanted to say how much I liked these sheets. I've been spending a fair bit of time looking at all the various sheets available on the web and these are my favorite. --by-- Elrostar
Thank you very much for your hard work these sheets are great. I was wonderinf if you were planning on putting a ninja sheet out? Thanks again for shairing your creation with us. --by-- Battlebrew
WOW!!!!!! Not the MMO. but like the good WOW. Like the one where you are excited & can't help but to say something positive. --by-- xorial
Most excellent. Thanks for the hard work! --by-- Aldin
I'm astonished at how quick you are to follow up on suggestions. It's really wonderful. --by-- Elrostar
I love how the Barbarian sheet has RAGE listed, along with the skills you can't use and everything like that. It just oozes awesomosity. And I don't care if that's not a word. --by-- Elrostar
Amazing! This is so cool... --by-- GRU
I just wanted to say that I really like the character sheets. Congratulations and thank you on making such a great product. --by-- Audrin_Noreys
I stumbled on your Character Sheets by accident, and I have to say that they are marvelous; they are may new favorite out of every sheet I've seen so far. --by-- Golden-Esque
I just checked these sheets out, I really like them and will probably start using these for my games. --by-- Kriss Lambert
I am super impressed by the quality of these sheets :) --by-- DM_aka_Dudemeister
wow, very nice mate. Good Job --by-- Sigil87
Fantastic work here. Thanks so much, my players will be very happy! --by-- Demin N Leather
Very good work. --by-- Dark Mistress
These... May be the best character sheets I've ever seen. Good Job. --by-- DH
Just grabbed the PDF. Very impressive. Thanks for sharing this. --by-- Pappy
These sheets are amazing! Thanks so much and thanks for the work on that new sheet you're working on :-) It's going to make Carrion Crown a lot easier for me to deal with. --by-- Kheras
You're the one who made those sheets? thank you! --by-- Zolthux
These are incredible. Thanks for sharing! --by-- Jim Mount
The production on these is very fine. Good work. --by-- neceros
Wow, awesome, thanks! You kick ass at this, you know. --by-- Jackissocool
I love the new site and I do like the adding of Archetypes. Its the only thing my players complained about when using the sheets. They will be very happy when I present them with new sheets on Friday! --by-- Flamehawke
I love your sheets. --by-- Grimmy
Man I wish I could make things as nice as these... --by-- Azaelas Fayth
Awesome job. Finally character sheets that are gestalt friendly too :) --by-- Apraham Lincoln
Excellent sheets, thank you very much! --by-- Corsario
I've been using these sheets for almost 3 years now and they have been a great success at my game table. Anytime I run out and have to use another sheet my players look quite sad, asking when I will get more of your sheets printed. Never in the many years of playing have I had players ask for a specific sheet until I used these. --by-- DuRaDu
I am SOOOOOOOO glad this is still being updated! ... Much love and thanks for all your hard work! --by-- Ian Eastmond
These are great. I am sad at myself for finding these just now. Thank you so much. --by-- Rhapsodic College Dropout
Wow. Just took this for a test drive. Absolutely amazing! --by-- Oceanshielfwolf
My god , awesome just became even more awesome! --by-- Nox Aeterna
I think you just broke my brain with the awesomeness. I don't think I can ever use a character sheet that isn't from your site now. --by-- Zombie Coffee

-- wotc
I love the variety of options for the sheets. I think I'll use these next time I play (I DM for now). --by-- SanquineSphinx
Amazingly well done. Kudos to you, sir or madam. --by-- BrogueTheRogue
Brilliant, the idea to use separate sheets for each class will make multi-classing so much easier --by-- BenGregor
I've always wanted to find some software that would help you easily make custom character sheets, but this seems to have basically everything I'd want to have anyway! --by-- Eshajori
Great work on what was surely an expansive and time consuming piece of work! I especially loved the DM Party Summary sheet, no more continually asking of ACs, Saves, Skills, etc! --by-- Hunanoid

-- rpg.net
Very, very nice! --by-- bobrunnicles
Very nice! I'm always looking for good resources for Pathfinder - much appreciate the work you put into this. --by-- Dweller in Darkness
You do very good work. Thank you for not only your time, but for being so accommodating in my request. --by-- BPIJonathan
Your PDF is impressively organized, very professional, and downright nice to look at. --by-- The Octarine Wavelength
Thank you thank you thank you! I use your sheets exclusively for my games. These character sheets are simply the best available for Pathfinder. --by-- rawnkin
Very excited to see psionics unleashed classes on here now. --by-- rawnkin

-- Giant in the Playground
Frankly, this is absolutely lovely. I'm deeply grateful! --by-- Doc Roc
This seems great! Thanks for sharing. --by-- Eldariel
Terrific work, especially integrating everything towards the Skill Section. --by-- Vangor
I really like it, a massive improvement over the traditional sheet, thank you --by-- Weezer
This is awesome, just plain amazing. --by-- lvl 1 sharnian
Excellent sheet, I've been looking for a good sheet to use ever since they took down Ema's sheets... And this one is great! --by-- Dark Setzer
thats a pretty nice character sheet. You really did a good job. --by-- British Bill
This looks amazing! Definitely switching to these for my future characters. --by-- PId6
This sheet is mind-numbingly awesome, and it gets better with every iteration! I was impressed with Sunrain and Madirishman, but this blows them away! --by-- Whammydill
I must say that seeing your product has launched both of my feet firmly into my mouth with a force that may never be undone. So...uh...nice job. --by-- Typewriter
Sadie I love your sheets with a passion! They're all I use for 3.5. Thank you so much --by-- FuryOfMetal
Finally! I love your 3.5 sheets and now I can use them for PF too! While my witch is pleased as punch, my party summoner could use a sheet for his eidolon. --by-- Bugbeartrap
Sadie, these sheets are AWESOME! I love them (including the 45 tilt on the alignment box). Thanks to you for the incredible effort and for sharing them with us! --by-- Mowgli
I would like to thank you and congratulate you on your work, these character sheets are absolutely amazing! :) --by-- Korbu
The DM section is pretty awesome, I'm gonna use most of this stuff. May I suggest adding a page or two of templates for cones/bursts etc? --by-- Ozreth
These are absolutely amazing sheets. I think I'm going to start using them for my games. --by-- CheshireCatAW
